So in this field, we're going to show you guys some homework
that you guys should do for that after seeing this project.
So at this point,
you guys have seen the demo of the projects,
Home Surveillance Projects seeing it in action taking a picture of us recognizing it,
and then, it being spit on a simple Website.
And even walk through and understood partially some of the code.
That code walk through a little brisk.
So, we want you to go through the actual tutorial that where this project is from.
It's five parts made by what is ISO six for product developers,
and just go through it.
Run the project follow the instructions.
After that, we want you to also visit the get help for this project,
and just look through the code try to understand how it works.
That can have also includes some of the instructions that the tutorial also has.
So, next thing we want you guys to do is familiarize
yourself with OpenCV on this topic that will show up later as well,
but just read up on some of documentation to get familiar with just this part of it.
And we also want you to get familiar with the facial recognition part of OpenCV as well,
just go to the API documentation and just read up on the methods,
and we want you to do the same thing as well with AWS-S3 Python API.
This should give you a deep understanding of the code.
Yeah. So, be sure to read up on them.
A good way to learn is just doing some examples that they provide.
Yep. Be sure to again,
be sure to read up on all the resources,
they may or may not be tested on,
so look out for that.